New term entry for Java Math.tan() (#1123)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/math-methods/terms/tan/tan.md

---
Title: '.tan()'

> Description: 'Returns the tangent of an angle given in radians'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the tangent of an angle given in radians.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Function'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Arithmetic'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`Math.tan()`** method returns tangent of an angle given in radians. The function accepts all real numbers *except* the values where `cos(x)` is equal to 0  

## Syntax

```pseudo
Math.tan(double x)
```

> Here `x` is the argument passed to the function. It accepts all real numbers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here `x` is the argument passed to the function. It accepts all real numbers. 

```

---
Title: '.tan()'
Description: 'Returns the tangent of an angle given in radians.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Function'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Arithmetic'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`Math.tan()`** method returns tangent of an angle given in radians. The function accepts all real numbers *except* the values where `cos(x)` is equal to 0  

Reviewer 2: "...returns *the* tangent of an angle given in radians."
"...is equal to zero."

## Syntax

```pseudo
Math.tan(double x)
```

> Here `x` is the argument passed to the function. It accepts all real numbers. 

Reviewer 2: Place a comma after "Here". The word "it" in the second sentence is unclear as to what it is referring to. Consider this sentence instead:

"`Math.tan()` accepts all real numbers as arguments."

---
Title: '.tan()'

> Description: 'Returns the trigonometric tangent of an angle, in radians'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the tangent of an angle given in radians'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Function'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Arithmetic'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`Math.tan()`** method returns trigonometric tangent of an angle, in radians. The _function_ accepts all real numbers *except* the values where cos(x) is equal to 0  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Math.tan()`** method returns tangent of an angle given in radians. The function accepts all real numbers *except* the values where `cos(x)` is equal to 0  
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
Math.tan(double x)
```

> Note, here `x` is the _argument_ passed to the function. It accepts all real numbers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Here `x` is the argument passed to the function. It accepts all real numbers. 

```

+ If the argument is `NaN` or an `infinity`, then the result returned is NaN.
+ If the argument is `zero`, then the result is also zero with same sign. 

## Example

> Use `Math.tan()` to return the trigonometric tangent for `(x)` in radians:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses `.tan()` to return the tangent for `(x)`:
```

```java

public class Main {
  public static void main(String[] args) {

>     double x = 45.0;    // radians

Reviewer: The number 45 seems more like an example given in degrees. Maybe do an example that's some multiple or fraction of PI.

    System.out.println(Math.tan(x));
    
    x = 0.0;
    System.out.println(Math.tan(x));
  }
}
```

This will produce the following output:

```shell
1.6197751905438615
0.0
```

> <!-- ## Codebyte Example

Reviewer: You can remove this comment.
